For the kodi part of gotv it is not feasible for a single programmer to add decent security so these notes are for the p2p network

Goal 1. At least some semblence of security and encryption.
		Real security like Tor requires infastructure and slows down communication too much for the average user.
		
		The p2p network will use lite encryption of traffic between users. This means TCP only connections.
		
Goal 2. Any device including old phones should be able to be a host with simple setup and not require a technical genius

Goal 3. Users should be able to search/find/join groups of like minded individuals

Goal 4. Redundancy so if a group list host goes down then users can still connect to the groups they have joined

Here is my current thinking of how the network should be designed.

All services and plugins and personal connection permissions are 5 levels of permissions
	1 - Admin  		 - Normally reserved for host of service 
	2 - Friend/Host Sharing  - permission for access of those accepted as friend
	3 - Guest  		 - temporary permission or maybe auto permission for those on same network
	4 - Annonymous   - anyone can access plugin or service
	5 - Disabled	 - service or plugin is disabled and cannot be accessed



4 tier p2p node design.
tier 1 - a.) master group listing host and search engine
		 b.) must have a open tcp port to connect to.
		 c.) share group listings with other masters for redundancy
		 d.) privider of is port open test
		 e.) must have fixed IP Address or url
		 
tier 2 - a.) group listing host and search enginge
		 b.) must have a open tcp port to connect to.
		 c.) announces to and shares listings with tier 1 if not private
		 d.) share group listing with other tier 2 group list hosts if not private
		 e.) privider of is port open test
		 
tier 3 - a.) single group host and search engine 
		 b.) must have a open tcp port to connect to.
		 c.) announces to multiple tier 2 and optionally tier 1 if not private
		 d.) privider of is port open test
		 e.) provider of relay services for accepted users without an open port
		 f.) might provide content
		 
tier 4 - a.) end user 		
		 b.) might provide content
		 c.) might provide relay service to other users of same group if relay plugin permission level is met and has open port
		 d.) announces to tier 3 group host ( or multiple group hosts )
		 e.) can communicate with users of group or muliple groups if user has accepted user with sufficient permission level
		 f.) other users can access content of end user if they have sufficient permission
		 
a single device can host all 4 tiers if services are turned on. it is just a matter of settings	 
		 
		 

		 
